Math Is Not Scary! - Basic Drills English
Vocabulary - Future Aspirations
Getting Along with Others
How to Ask Someone Out Awesomely
Under Construction
Mob Psycho 100 III
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be
We'll be able to find our answers
1%, 2%, 3%, 4%, 5%,
6%, 7%, 8%, 9%, 10%…
11%, 12%, 13%, 14%, 15%,
16%, 17%, 18%, 19%, 20%…
21%, 22%, 23%, 24%, 25%…
Admiration, troubles, pump up
26%, 27%, 28%, 29%, 30%…
Searching for yourself, telepathy
31%, 32%, 33%, 34%, 35%…
Asking for the impossible, psycho punch
36%, 37%, 38%, 39%, 40%…
Youthful Salt Splash
Mob? Mob? What do you want?
Mob? Mob? Why do you want?
Mob? Mob? Who do you want?
Move! Move! Just like Mob!
If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be
Even if you hold onto happiness
And sadness
Your life is your own, OK?
It's OK you are not special
We'll all be able to find our answers
81%, 82%, 83%, 84%, 85%,
86%, 87%, 88%, 89%, 90%…
91%, 92%, 93%, 94%, 95%,
96%, 97%, 98%,
98%, 99%…
Seasoning Park
Mob Psycho 100 III
Spiritual Consultation
Kageyama Shigeo
Confession
~The Future~
Body Improvement Club
Goals for October
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
The New Star of the 21st Century
Reigen Arataka's
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Happy Birthday Reigen Arataka
Mob Psycho 100 III